# iHUNGRY - Food Pick-up Ordering App
=========
### Midterm project for [Lighthouse Labs](https://github.com/lighthouse-labs) Immersive Web Development Bootcamp.

iHungry is an online app that allows clients to browse trough a restaurant's menu, see each item's details, filter items by their type, add or delete them from the cart, and place an order for pick-up. 

Upon the order submission, the restaurant receives a text notification with the order number and the name of the customer while the customer receives a personalized text with an estimated wait time.

Customer can visit  to check their current order information on and see a countdown timer. They can also visit the page with all their past orders.

The restaurant's administrator sees all outstanding orders on their home page. Among order details, there is calculated time for each order's completion. When the order is ready, the administrator can confirm the pick-up. The customer will receive a confirmation text with their order number.



## Project Setup




## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x
